[PICCOLO]
You actually did it...
You defeated Cell and
saved the Earth, Gohan.
[KRILLIN]
That was totally awesome!
I'm not just kidding around--
that was a thing of beauty...!
Seriously!
[GOHAN LAUGHS IN PAIN]
[YAMCHA] I can't believe
we're all still here...!
It hasn't really
sunk in yet, y'know?
[TIEN]
Yeah.
[KRILLIN] Don't worry--
we're gonna get you
up to the Lookout...
The senzu beans are gone,
but once Dende does
his thing, you'll be
as good as new!
[GOHAN CHUCKLES IN PAIN]
Okay... Goin' up!
Thanks... Yamcha...
Gohan!
He's fine... Just passed out
from fatigue, that's all.
Speaking of which,
are you okay to fly him
all the way to
the Lookout, Yamcha...?
None of here us are exactly
a hundred percent right now...
You kidding...
my problems are nothin'
compared to what
Gohan just went through.
Good point...
Well, if you're sure
you've got him,
then I can take
Trunks along with me.
[KRILLIN]
Sure, okay, uh...
I'll just go ahead
and grab Eighteen...
Uh...! Yeah...! I mean I can't
let you guys be the only
ones carryin' people, right?
[KRILLIN AWKWARDLY LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN]
Bye.
Huh...?
[YAMCHA] We're
heading out, Piccolo.
[PICCOLO] You go on.
I'll catch up.
[YAMCHA]
Okay.
Looks as though you
could use a hand.
Save your breath, Namekian...
I don't need help...
Not from you, or anyone else.
Well, then.
Today, I was outdone by...
father and son alike!
Curse... you... Kakarot...!
Your defeat was to
come at my hands!
I shall never fight again.
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
Where'd that pack of
weirdos come from, anyway?!
[ANNOUNCER STAMMERS]
I... I don't hear anything...
Oh...! Champ! It's you!
You're still here...!
I-Is it over?
What in the world happened?!
Huh...?
Well, I, uh...
Okay, I remember Cell
and the water boy were
trying to hit each other
with that strange light attack--
but that's all I saw...
The huge explosion after that
must have knocked me out cold.
Oh!. So you... didn't see...
what went down?!
[ANNOUNCER] Where is Cell? Are
we finally free of his terror?!
Funny... you should
say that, I...
I... put that slimy amateur
in his plaaaace...!
Yes I did...
Uh... care to elaborate any?
Well...! It was nothin' really!
I just decided I'd had
enough of all their phony
light shows and tricks,
so I shouted:...
"Hey! Enough
light shows and tricks!"
And then I marched
right on over there
and bam! I brought
down the smack down!
[HERCULE LAUGHS]
Boomm! Winning...!
So uh... what happened...
to the boy, and all those
strange friends of his
who crashed the fight?
Yea winning...!
Oh, they thanked me
for saving their
skins and headed home.
[HERCULE LAUGHS]
[CAMERAMAN] Hey!
The broadcast equipment
in the van is still working!
[ANNOUNCER]
People of the world...!
Thank you for waiting
through our technical delays!
[ANNOUNCER] I return
to you with joyous news!
After a fierce battle,
the likes of which
none of you have ever seen,
the planet Earth...
has been saved!
Thanks to...
your Champ, Hercule!
[CROWD CHEERS]
[YAMCHA] You're the one who
took over as Guardian?
[DENDE] Yes. Here,
let me see Gohan, quickly.
[YAMCHA]
Good luck.
Huh?
Gohan! You're okay!
[GOHAN]
Dende!
What a relief!
But, I'm really sorry
about what happened
to your father.
[GOHAN]
There's no reason to be.
Yeah-- he talked me
through the fight...
I could hear him plain as day.
I could feel his
energy all around me.
It was so close I could
practically smell him...!
He was by my side the
whole time I was fighting Cell,
telling me he
knew I could do it.
There's no way I could
have won without him.
[GOHAN] He's
the one who saved us!
[PICCOLO]
Well, Gohan...
In any case,
you made us very proud...
[GOHAN]
Piccolo.
You really have
gotten strong, kiddo.
Oh, good--
you're awake.
[YAMCHA] Dende...! Get away
from that blonde devil...!
She's dangerous!
[KRILLIN] C'mon, Yamcha!
Give it a rest!
Uh... you were unconscious,
so we took you to the Lookout...
You're among friends...
And Gohan defeated Cell.
Gohan won?
[YAMCHA]
That's right!
The kid's
incredible now...!
If you wanna go on
another rampage,
you so missed
your chance!
[TIEN] Try saying that
from here, Yamcha...
Krillin here's the reason
you're still with us.
After Cell spat you out,
he defended you, Eighteen.
Oh... I, just...
thought someone should
look after you, since
you were out cold an' all...
It was nothing, really...
That's what's up!
Krillin was protecting
Eighteen because he's
totally got a crush on her!
[KRILLIN POPS GOHAN ON THE HEAD]
She is standing right there!
Huh...?! Say it ain't so!
Not cool, dude!
But... you realize she's
an android, don't you?
Yeah, there is that...
[ANDROID 18] Hmph!
Don't hold your breath
if you're waiting
for a thank you...!
What, did you think I was
going to fall all over you
just because
you protected me...?
You did, didn't you...!
Well think again, short stuff!
What did she call you?!
That ungrateful
can-opener...!
Yeah, she better run!
It's a little late to
save face now, Yamcha.
Never mind the girl--
Right now, I'd say our first
order of business should be
restoring Trunks and
everyone else who was harmed
by Cell's actions
with the Dragon Balls.
Yes, indeed.
Hey...! What's with
the long face, Krillin?
Try to cheer up...!
Just because
Eighteen hates you,
doesn't mean
we like you any less!
You're not helping.
Come forth, Shenron...!
We summon you to grant our wish!
[ENERGY BURST]
What... is that...?!
[ANDROID 18]
A dragon...?!
Who summons me?
Speak your wishes,
that I may return to my slumber.
[YAMCHA]
Shenron!
For our first wish,
we want you to
restore everyone
who was harmed by Cell!
That is a simple request.
It's as I feared...
Since Dende created
a new Earth dragon I was
hoping Goku would be
revived along with the others...
But this dragon was made
from the same model
as the old one so their powers
must have similar limitations...
I don't sense Goku's energy.
Sad to say.
[SHENRON] What
is your second wish?
I do not like to wait.
Hey, Shenron--
is there a way to bring
Goku back just one more time...?
Cause we'd really appreciate
it if you could help us out.
That is impossible.
Goku has already been
brought back once before.
Now speak a new wish.
[YAMCHA] Well, you heard
the dragon, guys.
[TIEN] No... there has to be
some way to do it...
Just think!
How about something like this?
We have Shenron turn back
time to before Goku left--
that'd work, wouldn't it?
[YAMCHA] Yeah...!
That's a great idea!
[PICCOLO] Except that Cell would
also be brought back again ...
and we'd be right back
where we started.
[KRILLIN]
Oh, yeah.
[DENDE]
Hey-- I know!
We just have to take
our wish to Porunga instead.
He could do it!
Yes, of course...
the Namekian dragon
doesn't have the same
limitations as Shenron.
He can bring a person
back any number of times...
Well, okay...!
Then we just have to
get ourselves back to Namek!
That's easy, we
can zap straight
there with wish number two!
[GOKU] Hey...!
Don't I get a say in this?
[GOKU]
Hi everybody! It's me!
It's Goku!
Dad... what's going on?
[GOKU] I'm speaking to
you from Other World,
so I'll make it quick.
Y'know... Bulma said
something to me years ago
that's stuck with me...
She told me I was like a
magnet for all the bad guys
that were always popping up...
And if you think about it,
that's really not
too far off the truth.
[GOKU] I get the feeling
that Earth's gonna be
way more peaceful if I
just stay where I am now.
And King Kai agrees with me.
I'm gonna miss you guys,
but don't worry,
I'll be just fine up here...
It's really not so bad.
And King Kai says they're
gonna give me special treatment
on account of all the times
I helped to save the Earth.
[GOKU] Most people,
and definitely bad guys,
just turn into spirits here,
but they're gonna
let me keep my body.
And if that's not enough,
I won't ever get any older.
And there are a bunch
of old fighting masters
here from before my time,
so it's not like I won't
have plenty to do.
Should be fun!
King Kai's back to normal
thanks to Shenron,
but he says he's gonna
take some time off
and show me around,
so I've already got one
friend to keep me company.
[GOKU] I know it's kind of a
raw deal for you and your Mom,
Gohan, but you don't
have to wish me back, okay?
Besides, son, you're so
strong now I have
nothing left to teach you!
But, that doesn't
mean I don't need you!
[GOKU] I'm sorry, guys,
I'm outta time...
But take care, okay...?
Live your lives to the fullest,
and I'll see ya again
when you're done!
Goodbye!
Goku...
[KRILLIN]
Y'know...
...he seemed pretty cheerful
given the circumstances,
so I guess he's okay
with how things turned out.
Yeah... suppose he's always
been laid back like that,
ever since he was a kid.
Where did it go...?!
My tail! It's all gone!
Eh. Oh well!
Guess...
nothin's changed... huh?
Yeah you're right...
[YOUNG GOKU]
Where's my Power Pole?
Kay, I'm off...! Yahoooooo!
And he's been rushing on
ahead of us all the
years that we've known him.
Eat this. You'll feel better.
There was no one
else like him...
He was always willing
to show mercy,
even to an enemy,
and no matter how
powerful he became,
he valued his friends
over anything else.
My dad was always kind,
to everybody who met him...
...and he made me feel brave,
even when things
were looking really bad.
Thank you, Dad...
for everything.
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Uh... you do know...
I have been waiting for your
second wish this whole time...
Any day now...
[SHENRON]
Well, how about it...?
Speak your second wish.
Whatever you desire,
I shall grant.
[YAMCHA] So, if not Goku,
then what? Anybody?
[TIEN] Shenron's going to vanish
if we don't decide soon.
Have you no wish?
[YAMCHA LAUGHS]
I've got this lady-friend
who'd really like
an expensive necklace,
if nobody else has a more
selfless wish in mind.
That okay?
No point wasting it, right?!
[SHENRON] A necklace?
Is that your wish?
Hey... Shenron...
Is there any chance
that you can transform
Androids 17 and 18
back into the
people they used to be?
That fool!
This I cannot do...
I am sorry. The androids
are beings whose power
far exceeds my own.
[SHENRON] I cannot revert them
to the humans they once were.
[KRILLIN] I was afraid you'd
say something like that.
Why include Seventeen, huh?
I mean, that's nice and all,
but he's long gone, isn't he?
Well... don't forget
that we used
our first wish to
restore all of Cell's victims...
He was definitely among them...
It's not unreasonable to think
that he's out there somewhere.
[YAMCHA] I guess that
all makes sense...
Still, man, what are you--?
Hey, if you can't turn them
back into regular humans,
you can you at least get rid
of the bombs they're
carrying around
in their chests?
I mean that's
easy enough, right?
Yes. It is.
All right!
Krillin...?
I have removed
the explosive devices.
[KRILLIN SIGHS AND
THEN CHUCKLES]
I bid you... farewell!
[TRUNKS] I don't get it...
Why would you make a wish
like that, Krillin?
I... guess I...
just felt bad for em...
I mean, who wants to walk
around with a bomb inside?
Way to go, Krillin...
That was really nice!
Yamcha...
I'm sorry about that.
I just sorta' jumped in
and took the second wish,
and now you can't give a
necklace to your girlfriend.
Huh...? Nah! It's fine...!
I was just kidding about
that whole necklace thing!
It's not like I need to buy
a girl things to make her
like me or anything... C'mon!
[GROUP LAUGHS]
That little...!
But all fun and games aside,
I still don't get why you wished
to remove Seventeen's
bomb, as well?
Because... Eighteen's neat...
but Seventeen and Eighteen
are like a matching set...!
They're made for
each other, like literally!
[KRILLIN CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
That's... the reason!
[YAMCHA]
Yea I buy that!
[GROUP LAUGHS]
"Love"...
Such an odd human emotion...
I don't get it.
Eighteen! What did you hear?!
Look...! Nothing is going
on with Seventeen--
he's my twin brother!
Brother? But I thought--!
I know what you thought,
cantaloupe-head...!
And if you're hoping I'm
gonna suddenly like you
because of some silly wish,
you're sadly mistaken!
See ya later.
"See ya later?"
Way to work it, Krillin...!
If she's sayin' she'll "see ya",
that means you still got a
tiny glimmer of hope, buddy!
Know what I mean?
You think so?!
Chill, Casanova...
I'm losing consciousness here!
Remember, in matters of love,
I am sort of our
resident expert, you know.
[KRILLIN THINKS]
So I... I still have a chance!
Don't spaz out, man...
I mean, she may be an
ice cold killing machine,
but she's still blonde and
cute and female, after all...
The competition's
gonna be fierce!
[YAMCHA LAUGHS]
[YAMCHA AND GOHAN LAUGH]
I seriously don't get it.
[YAMCHA] Yeah... just stick
to fighting Piccolo,
it's what you do best.
[YAMCHA LAUGHS FOLLOWED
BY GROUP LAUGHTER]
It... feels weird,
our laughing about stuff...
and not having Goku
around to join in like usual.
[YAMCHA]
No kidding...
I'm heading back home...
Chiaotzu's probably
worried sick by now.
I guess... our paths might not
cross again in this lifetime...
Take care... All of you.
[YAMCHA]
You, too, my friend.
See ya, Tien...
Say hey to Chiaotzu for me.
Of course... Gohan...
I'll never forget your father,
or the amazing
sacrifice he made...
Take good care of
your mother, you hear?
Uh-huh!
And you Trunks...
You've grown strong enough
to defeat the androids
in your time, easily...
Make good use of what
you've learned here...
You'll do fine.
Right...! Thank you so much
for all of your help, Tien.
Farewell.
Bye!
[GOHAN]
Thanks again!
[YAMCHA] Well...
we should be going, too.
When are you heading back...?
Back to the future, I mean.
I think I'll get a
full night's sleep...
and then I'll head out
in the morning.
Kay, then... We'll swing
by to see you off.
Right.
So, uh, Piccolo...
Are you gonna live up
here from now on?
Yes. Why do you ask?
Is it all right if I drop
in once in a while?
You had better.
[DENDE] Congratulations on
saving the Earth, everyone!
[GOHAN] Bye, Dende.
I'll see ya later.
Don't be a stranger, okay?
[GOHAN]
Take care, Mr. Popo.
Mm-hm.
C'mon, let's go!
Tomorrow is a whole new day!
See ya soooon!
Heeeey!
[GOHAN] Okay!
I'll see you all at the
Capsule Corporation bright
and early tomorrow!
Until then, guys!
[TRUNKS]
My dad really did all that?
Oh yea...!
When Cell dropped you,
that old man of yours
blew his stack worse than
I've ever seen before...
And for a hothead like Vegeta,
that's really sayin' somethin'.
Yeah? No kidding...
For me, huh?
[CHICHI]
Goku...
[CHICHI SOBS]
Oh, Mom... It's okay...
Even though he's
not here anymore,
we'll always have him
in our hearts, right...?
And it's not as though
we're not gonna
see him again someday.
That's right...
Your son is a smart boy...
Chichi... Goku thought of you,
right to the end...
Try to cheer up.
[BULMA]
Trunks... you take care.
Thanks.
Goodbye, everyone!
You be good, soooon!
[GOHAN]
See ya, Trunks!
Take care!
See you later!
Hey, Dad...
[NARRATOR] And so,
Gohan begins a new life--
never forgetting
Goku's kindness,
or his indomitable spirit.
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[GOKU]
Hey-- it's me, Goku!
Off to meet the fighting
masters in Other World!
[CHICHI] Oh Goku,
I miss you so much...!
[GOKU] I really am sorry
about all this, Chichi.
But hey... I'm sure we're
gonna meet again!
[CHICHI] You being sure's
not good enough...!
Promise me
you'll be back someday!
[GOKU]
Cross my heart...!
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
I'll be back, guys,
so make sure you wait for me!